the weed employment Conway this is a
weed and boring it's before and rather
strange animals idiot branded because
they forgot their passport
oh you got the boys put it there cold
when i was so fantastic so and so
fantastic to see their cause was Cameron
all of them in the frying environment oh
and I was a joy to behold oh here come
with boy we put down a trampy the
cantrell fills the camper we're going to
see how these warm cozy more have to be
patient about it well hopefully a
handful come close to dance at four bit
off I be a boy on these NQ off more than
he deserves or what was I forget what's
the saying goes because we don't have
that scene and Australia well they again
we're gonna wait here patiently
hopefully the camp old starts at
stopping down some acorns off Oh are we
going camping on here oh oh shit all
that sales all right picking torn around
Conway we're gonna try the pain are we
gonna roll in here without the bass down
while waiting for them is on boy it's
always just baking time around hopefully
it'll warfare for years because wait
patiently
I was calling exciting the bait it's
taken about it down a little okay for
shorty cap I will indulge in what if for
some reason or 46 it's gone off you
there hoary on Conway it's getting the
plane to the plainclothes 10 hey was
restoring conway as exciting stuff
alright i can wait third time around
we'll have another choice stinky the
thing that is good for export all we go
on taking the fight all out we are i
took the damn we can cause that now we
can drag it over here call it the later
I don't have a fills a meal and also
some counterfeit around us when with
holes it's a point facemate around boy
to say or its attack against is 16 years
all around in a teenage era all these
generations home I hope you gonna hammer
are here come on look at this go very
lucky here with people very lucky so I
open it haha oh oh oh look a teaspoon
white all I was gonna finish it still
feels careful wyman enjoyable time and
all you have to say please a good
torrent is e muito noise haha